hi kids this is your favorite clown Oh
buster be brown that's me a lot a lot of
me well kids I found a favorite toy for
you
it really isn't a toy it is a calendar
it is a Angry Birds Star Wars 16 month
2004 calendar oh yes I know there's only
12 months in the year
but guess what gang you get an extra
four months Wow
isn't that cool and yet a a picture of
all your favorite Angry Bird characters
for each month now this is the cover of
the box I haven't taken the months out
ship I wanted you to see what they look
like old busted big clown is so clumsy
I'm just the clumsiest clown in this
world now this is the back side of the
calendar it says Angry Birds you can see
Angry Birds Star Wars 60 Mars let us say
2014 wall calendar and everywhere you
see a picture down here look at this
game this is for a month see here here's
January February Oh Buster get it back
up there there's a berry March well
Buster drops it again old clumsy buster
what can you say I bet you kids aren't
clumsy as Buster the clown is and these
are pictures for each of the months of
the year I just want you to see how cute
they are
isn't this COO Wow
I bet your friends don't have one of
these calendars this is super duper
little Darth Vader down there and you
can see over here here is January shows
you every day of the month with a pretty
picture up above well kid I just want
you to see that it's a fun calendar you
can buy these at every discount store
Toys R Us
Bed Bath & Beyond all kind of stores so
go get you on they're very very
inexpensive and remember robust to
become told you to go
now don't forget watch my channel I got
a lot of more fun thanks for you take
care good bye